Refactor hipBLAS documentation (#950)
ROCm/hipBLAS: docs/how-to/contributing-to-hipblas.rst

.. meta::
  :description: How to contribute to hipBLAS

>   :keywords: hipBLAS, rocBLAS, BLAS, ROCm, API, Linear Algebra, documentation, contribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :keywords: hipBLAS, rocBLAS, BLAS, ROCm, API, contribution
```

.. _contribute:

********************************************************************
Contributing to hipBLAS
********************************************************************

> This topic explains how to contribute to the hipBLAS code base, including coding
> and pull request (PR) guidelines, along with information on static code analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic explains how to contribute to the hipBLAS code base, including coding
and pull request (PR) guidelines and information about static code analysis.
```

Pull request guidelines
=======================

The hipBLAS code contribution guidelines closely follow the `GitHub
pull requests <https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/>`__ model.

> The hipBLAS repository follows a workflow which dictates a ``release`` branch, from which releases are cut, and a

Reviewer: should the first "which" be a "that"

> ``develop`` branch which serves as an integration branch for new code. Pull requests should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``develop`` branch, which serves as an integration branch for new code. Pull requests should
```

adhere to these guidelines:

*  Target the **develop** branch for integration.
*  Ensure code builds successfully.
*  Do not break existing test cases.

> *  New unit tests should integrate with the existing GoogleTest framework.

Reviewer: Do you think GoogleTest should be hyperlinked?

Author: I don't think people need to know much about GoogleTest to use it, so I'll leave it out.

*  Tests must have good code coverage.

Coding guidelines:
==================

> *  Do not use unnamed namespaces inside of header files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Don't use unnamed namespaces inside of header files.
```

*  Use either ``template`` or ``inline`` (or both) for functions defined outside of classes in header files.
*  Do not declare namespace-scope (not ``class``-scope) functions ``static`` inside of header files
   unless:

   *  There is a very good reason.
   *  The function does not have any non-``const`` ``static`` local variables.
   *  It is acceptable that each compilation unit will have its own independent definition of the function and
      its ``static`` local variables.

   .. note::
   
      ``static`` ``class`` member functions defined in header files are okay.

*  Use ``static`` for ``constexpr`` ``template`` variables until C++17. After C++17,

>    ``constexpr`` variables become ``inline`` variables, and can therefore be defined in multiple compilation units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``constexpr`` variables become ``inline`` variables, and can be defined in multiple compilation units.
```

   It is okay if the ``constexpr`` variables remain ``static`` in C++17, but it means there might
   be some redundancy between compilation units.

Code format
-----------

C and C++ code is formatted using ``clang-format``. To run ``clang-format``,

> use the version in the ``/opt/rocm/llvm/bin`` directory. Do not use your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use the version in the ``/opt/rocm/llvm/bin`` directory. Don't use your
```

.. meta::
  :description: How to contribute to hipBLAS
  :keywords: hipBLAS, rocBLAS, BLAS, ROCm, API, Linear Algebra, documentation, contribution

.. _contribute:

********************************************************************
Contributing to hipBLAS
********************************************************************

This topic explains how to contribute to the hipBLAS code base, including coding
and pull request (PR) guidelines, along with information on static code analysis.

Pull request guidelines
=======================

The hipBLAS code contribution guidelines closely follow the `GitHub
pull requests <https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/>`__ model.
The hipBLAS repository follows a workflow which dictates a ``release`` branch, from which releases are cut, and a
``develop`` branch which serves as an integration branch for new code. Pull requests should
adhere to these guidelines:

*  Target the **develop** branch for integration.
*  Ensure code builds successfully.
*  Do not break existing test cases.
*  New unit tests should integrate with the existing GoogleTest framework.
*  Tests must have good code coverage.

> *  Code must also have benchmark tests, and performance must approach

Reviewer 2: Up for debate but not sure if we need this line. hipBLAS doesn't really contribute to the performance at all. That being said, we obviously don't want to add overhead to the hipblas API over the rocBLAS/cuBLAS API, but adding benchmark tests/saying we require perf to approach theoretical limits here seems misguided.

Author: Sure thing. I'll remove this line (it migh have originally been copied from elsewhere).

   unless:

   *  There is a very good reason.
   *  The function does not have any non-``const`` ``static`` local variables.
   *  It is acceptable that each compilation unit will have its own independent definition of the function and
      its ``static`` local variables.

   .. note::
   
      ``static`` ``class`` member functions defined in header files are okay.

*  Use ``static`` for ``constexpr`` ``template`` variables until C++17. After C++17,
   ``constexpr`` variables become ``inline`` variables, and can therefore be defined in multiple compilation units.
   It is okay if the ``constexpr`` variables remain ``static`` in C++17, but it means there might
   be some redundancy between compilation units.

Code format
-----------

C and C++ code is formatted using ``clang-format``. To run ``clang-format``,
use the version in the ``/opt/rocm/llvm/bin`` directory. Do not use your
system's built-in ``clang-format``, because it might be an older version that
could generate different results.

To format a file, use:

::

    /opt/rocm/llvm/bin/clang-format -style=file -i <path-to-source-file>

> To format all files, run the following script in rocBLAS directory:

Reviewer 2: Should be hipBLAS not rocBLAS
